docs: add Frappe Diff Custom (#50)
gavindsouza/awesome-frappe: README.md

- [Intellisense](https://github.com/frappe/intellisense) - VSCode Extension and Language Server for Frappe Framework.
- [Semgrep Rules](https://github.com/frappe/semgrep-rules) - Semgrep Rules for following the best practices while building your Frappe Apps.
- [TypeScript Type generator](https://github.com/nikkothari22/frappe-types) -  Typescript type definition generator for Frappe DocTypes.

> - [Frappe Diff Custom](https://github.com/scopen-coop/scopen-frappe-diff) - Easy way to compare Custom Fields and Property Setters beween git version of an App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Frappe Diff Custom](https://github.com/scopen-coop/scopen-frappe-diff) - Easy way to compare Custom Fields and Property Setters between the git version of an App
```
